CODE BOOK

activitycode
 *the numerical code of each activity: 1-6
activitydesc 
 *description of activity
Subject_Num 
 *Number identifying subject
tBodyAcc.mean...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAcc.mean...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAcc.mean...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tGravityAcc.mean...X 
  *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tGravityAcc.mean...Y 
  *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tGravityAcc.mean...Z 
  *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAccJerk.mean...X 
  *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAccJerk.mean...Y 
  *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAccJerk.mean...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyro.mean...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyro.mean...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyro.mean...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAccMag.mean.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tGravityAccMag.mean.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAccJerkMag.mean.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyroMag.mean.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAcc.mean...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAcc.mean...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAcc.mean...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAcc.meanFreq...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAcc.meanFreq...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAcc.meanFreq...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccJerk.mean...X 
*mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccJerk.mean...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccJerk.mean...Z  
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyGyro.mean...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyGyro.mean...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyGyro.mean...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyGyro.meanFreq...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyGyro.meanFreq...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyGyro.meanFreq...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccMag.mean.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccMag.meanFreq.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.meanFreq.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyBodyGyroMag.meanFreq.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.meanFreq.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
angle.tBodyAccMean.gravity. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
angle.tBodyAccJerkMean..gravityMean. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
angle.tBodyGyroMean.gravityMean. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
angle.tBodyGyroJerkMean.gravityMean. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
angle.X.gravityMean. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
angle.Y.gravityMean. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
angle.Z.gravityMean. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAcc.std...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAcc.std...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAcc.std...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tGravityAcc.std...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tGravityAcc.std...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tGravityAcc.std...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAccJerk.std...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAccJerk.std...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAccJerk.std...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyro.std...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyro.std...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyro.std...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyroJerk.std...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyroJerk.std...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyroJerk.std...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAccMag.std.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tGravityAccMag.std.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyAccJerkMag.std.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyroMag.std.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
tBodyGyroJerkMag.std.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAcc.std...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAcc.std...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAcc.std...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccJerk.std...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccJerk.std...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccJerk.std...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyGyro.std...X 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyGyro.std...Y 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyGyro.std...Z 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyAccMag.std.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyBodyGyroMag.std.. 
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std..
 *mean by subject and activity of the variable